rabbit support - How to use r1 creations LAM playground teachmode r1 updates creations intern blog newsroom support View cart View cart r1 new updates creations intern blog newsroom support about rabbithole how to use r1 creations r1 creations are custom AI generated mini-applications crafted specifically for your rabbit r1 device. They function as specialized tools, games, and utilities that can leverage your r1&#x27;s distinct hardware features, including the push-to-talk button, scroll wheel, microphone, rotating camera, speaker, and accelerometer. This article provides instructions on how to use creations, how to install creations on your r1, and answers to other frequently asked questions. You can learn how to use rabbit intern and how to manage your rabbit intern subscription in other articles. how to make and install creations on your r1 There are two ways to make creations: 1) by speaking to rabbit r1, or 2) by using third-party tools. You can also install and use existing creations on r1. how to make a creation by speaking to rabbit r1 Open the creations card: Navigate to the creations section on your r1 device. Tap "create with intern": This action initiates the creation process. Follow the prompts: The rabbit agent will guide you through building your custom mini-app. Note: You will need intern tasks to generate new creations. By default, every new account gets 3 free tasks to try creations. These tasks serve as "credits" (one task per creation/follow up). You do not need tasks to install and use previously made creations on your r1. how to make a creation with third-party tools Visit our GitHub repository: The GitHub repository contains some documentation and code snippets that can help you experiment more when making creations. Host the creation: Many members of our community have used Netlify and GitHub Pages among other tools for hosting. Install it on r1: You&#x27;ll find a QR code creator in the GitHub repository. This will give you the fields to fill in (such as name and description) and, once done, allow you to generate a scannable QR code. how to install a creation on r1 Open the creations card: Navigate to the creations card on your r1 device and tap it to open it. From here, there are two options: a) add via QR code, b) install from the public tab. Add via QR code: Tap "add via QR code" on the create tab, and scan the code for any creation. You can visit the creations gallery to find a growing selection of creations that you can install on your r1 for free. Install from the public tab: Go to the public tab, choose any creation you want to use, and click install. Access each creation&#x27;s unique card: Scroll to the bottom of your card stack to open any creation that you have installed on your r1. technical limitations of creations We are continuously enhancing and improving creations, but please note the following technical limitations that may impact the performance of your creations. Screen size: Must fit a small 240x282 pixel portrait screen Performance: Limited processing power; avoid heavy graphics or complex animations Storage: Limited space for large files or extensive data Multi-tasking: Only one creation can run at a time Speech-to-text/Backends: creations made with intern cannot currently access speech-to-text (STT) or make anything with a hosted backend track my r1 order terms privacy policy warranty & return payment terms rabbit inc. © 2026
